# PowerBI_Sales-Analytics
Microsft PowerBI projects that include interactive dashboards through the use of different charts, formatting and cleaning data on PowerQuery, and dynamic text cards.</br>
</br> This includes the following projects:</br>
• ***Adidas-US-Sales_PowerBI***: Analyses Adidas sales across the US. Treemaps, lines, shape map, and bar charts were used. Identified KPIs for analyzing retail business. Link to dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/heemalichaudhari/adidas-sales-dataset.</br></br>
• ***Sample-Superstore_PowerBI***: Sales analysis using the famous Sales Superstore dataset. Dynamic text cards were used along with different charts. Understood KPIs for analyzing sales.</br></br>
• ***IT-Stock-PowerBI***: Visualisation of IT stocks listed on the Indian stock market using MS PowerBI. Used interactive charts (donut, bar, treemap) along with interactive text cards and slicers. Conditional column is created using PowerQuery to categorise stocks as small cap, mid cap, or large cap. </br></br>
</br> • ***FIFA-WC2022_PowerBI***: This summarises the performances of teams and players at the 2022 Qatar FIFA World Cup. The data was collected from different websites and had to be transformed using PowerQuery before making the dashboards. It is an interactive dashboard with buttons and dynamic text boxes. In the second part, I have analyzed and summarised the performance of players during the tournament. It is an interactive dashboard with buttons and dynamic text boxes. You can also use six different types of filters to get the data you want. </br>
</br> • ***UEFA-ChampionsLeague_PowerBI***: This analyzes 2016-2022 seasons. Dashboard has 3 sections: a) About UCL b) Goals c) Matches. Goals section shows players' goals and assists, midfielders / forwards / defenders' goals, stadiums' goals, and more. The matches section highlights teams' home/away wins, top winning managers, wins by country, attendance, and more. Slicers allow data filtering.</br>
